PKCE improvements (#127)
ReachFive/identity-web-core-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Not released yet

### Features

> Now use PKCE in every convenient API call which does not lead to a redirection.
> 
> ### Fixes
> Renamed pkceEnabled into pkceEnforced for the sake of comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a PKCE code_challenge by default in all authorization code flows (`responseType === 'code'`)
Use the authorization code flow in checkSession

### Fixes
Renamed erroneously named config value `pkceEnabled` to `pkceEnforced`.
```

### 02/12/2019

### Fixes

> Add the missing implementation of `Buffer` to address an issue with the UMD bundle when PKCE is enforced.

Reviewer: Back in early 2019, PKCE actually was either enabled or disabled. The change to "enforce" it came much later.
